slskd: 0.24.5 -> 0.26.0 (#544340)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2611.section.md

- `services.plantuml-server.packages.jetty` now supports `jetty_12`, it no longer supports `jetty_11`.

> - `slskd` has been updated to v0.25.0, which includes breaking changes to `global` option renamed to `transfers`. Please review the [changelog](https://github.com/slskd/slskd/releases#release-0.25.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `slskd` has been updated to v0.25.0, which renames the `global` option to `transfers`. Please review the [changelog](https://github.com/slskd/slskd/releases#release-0.25.0).
```

Author: Done.
